Start the CHANGELOG (#29)
cohere-ai/cohere-python: README.md

## Installation

> If you only want to use the package, you can install it through `pip`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package can be installed with `pip`:
```

To view an up-to-date list of available models please consult the [Cohere CLI](https://docs.cohere.ai/command/). To get started try out `baseline-shrimp` or `baseline-seal`.

## Responses

> All of the endpoint functions will return some Cohere object (e.g. for generation, it would be `Generation`). The responses can be found as instance variables of the object (e.g. for generation, it would be `Generation.text`). The names of these instance variables and a detailed breakdown of the response body can be found in the [Cohere Docs](https://docs.cohere.ai/). Printing the Cohere response object itself will display an organized view of the instance variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the endpoint functions will return a Cohere object corresponding to the endpoint (e.g. for generation, it would be `Generation`). The responses can be found as instance variables of the object (e.g. generation would be `Generation.text`). The names of these instance variables and a detailed breakdown of the response body can be found in the [Cohere Docs](https://docs.cohere.ai/). Printing the Cohere response object itself will display an organized view of the instance variables.
```
